@shorttitle(Overview)
@title(JCore overview)

Open source and object oriented frameworks for Object Pascal.

Truly object oriented Pascal programming assisted by frameworks is a bit challenging. Integration between
systems via REST protocol, serialization, deserialization and persistence of objects in a transparent way,
dependency injection, integrations without coupling, flexible configuration logs, and the list goes on. Put
it all together in an elegant and simple interface, while still being robust and reliable. There are few
tools that meet these criteria. JCore is a tool that try hard to deliver most of these requirements to
Object Pascal developers as a free and open source library.

Although JCore has been designed with the concept of @html(<a
href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_over_configuration">)Convention over
Configuration@html(</a>) in mind, it is a premise of the framework to not create services or settings in
the initialization area of their units. Therefore you need to manually declare what you want to use. On one
hand it makes the initial settings a bit more verbose, on the other hand brings more flexibility and less
unexpected behavior.

Another premise used by JCore is to not use global variables. Despite the minimal configuration to build a
"Hello World" be a little bigger, avoiding global variables allows you to design the architecture of your
application with more freedom. It is for this reason that you need, for example, create and save an OPF
configuration instance by yourself.

JCore is divided into modules. The Core module has frameworks and reusable utilities. Each of the other
modules depends only on the Core, for example, there is no dependency between OPF and Web Services. Thus if
you only need OPF, add only Core and OPF to your project. There are Lazarus packages that can help you to
include JCore as dependency, but using Lazarus package is not mandatory. If you don't use Lazarus just
point the compiler to the directories of each module you want to add. There is also a Lazarus package with
an expert that can help you build your JCore application from scratch.

About Delphi compatibility: JCore is FPC first, and although Delphi compatibility is welcome, I cannot
maintain it by myself. Let me know if you can fix the code and can be a maintainer of the Delphi
compatibility --- in this case write to joao.morais at pressobjects org.

Welcome aboard! I hope you enjoy using JCore as much as I enjoyed design and build it. =)

@html(<h2>)Contents:@html(</h2>)
@tableOfContents

@html(<hr noshade size="1">)

@section 1 core Core

@include(overview-core.txt)

@html(<hr noshade size="1">)

@section 1 opf OPF

@include(overview-opf.txt)
